Section A:
  Part 1: 
     1 - The W3C is an organization that focuses on developing the World Wide 
         Web (internet) through developing protocals and guidelines to ensure
         the long-term grown of the web. [paraphrased from website]
         The W3C was founded in October of 1994 with the above stated purpose.
     2 - The WAI was started to help people with disabilities be able to use, 
         understand, and interact with the web and all of its features.  Not only is it supposed to help those with disabilities, but also people with 
         age or other related ailments. 
         The key issues are creating websites and web software that is accessible to disabled individuals and 
         training developers how to create websites and software that can do this.

  Part 2:
         The SE Code touches on this dilema with issue 1.7 which says that we must consider issues like physical
         disabilities, but the SE code also states that we must strive for creating a product on an acceptable
         schedule and at a reasonable cost.  Because the software is extremely difficult to use for Visually
         impaired people, it doesn't comply with issue 1.7, but implimenting the fix would push deadlines back
         and cause financial and launch problems.  The compromise I think would be best would be to note the issue
         and release an update to the software at a later time which includes the features.  This problem shouldn't
         exsist in a perfect design world though because it should have been noted in the requirements / specs from
         the beginning.
  Part 3:
			1. The creators want to make the web and software available for and usable by everyone.  
            They do this by presenting guidelines for writing and developing accessible software.

			2. Yes, it’s posted on www.justice.gov, how much more authentic and credible can you get? :) 

			3. Yes; “does the software notify the user of time constraints”?

			4. Create subcategories for specific domains of software; add a row for notifying users of time constraints 
            in multiple ways.
